Pardon me?
And I said, "Okay.
I'm not your blood
That's impossible.
Impossible when I found you
This warm jade is in your hand.
This warm jade is not mine at all
Me.
From a starved child?
If it weren't for finding someone to adopt
You thought I would talk to you
All of this
But you're just stupid.
If I had known you were as incompetent as you are today
I'm blind to tell you
You've been lying to me since the beginning
Now you still dislike me
I dislike you what's wrong
People go high
The water goes down.
You only know how to set up a stall selling barbecue every day
Dealing with the smell of oil fumes
I'm not interested.
now
I have this phoenix power
It will soon become the entire sea market
I am the leader of the whole country
Do you think you deserve to be mine?
Shi Yun would have been if you had self-knowledge
Recognize reality
But just do more entanglement
I didn't expect you to pretend to be His Royal Highness the Warlord
seek death
Can't blame us
Master told him
Pretending to be the emperor